{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	The portfolio is made up of five different folders, organized alphabetically. The first folder holds additional documents, which includes this README, my pre and post KWL\'92s, and my contract. The second folder holds my final project, as well as any documents related to it. The third folder holds my in-class assignments, the fourth my concept for an ultimate tic tac toe AI, and finally, the fifth folder holds my weekly assignments, as well as any documents related to it. Each weekly assignment has been completed and has a README and gamedevdiary. Further, all but one of the in-class assignments was completed (I couldn\'92t figure out AABB collisions on line segments in time to justify putting in the third assignment). \
	As you can see by my KWL chart, I have completed all but 2 of my KWL objectives for this class. Further, I have demonstrated all I had a good grasp on in my final project, with imported sounds and a background, path planning, collisions, and object oriented programing. Also, I uploaded every copy of class notes I took throughout the term (admittedly, some a bit later than others) and updated, with feedback in mind, every assignment for this course. Thus, by the terms of my contract, I believe I have earned a grade in the A range. Although I still wish I was able to put more time into this class, I believe I got out of it everything I could have, and even learned more about working in a group through the process. I really enjoyed this class and it will launch further projects, like the ultimate tic tac toe game. I am happy to have been in this class this term and can\'92t wait to take 270 next term :). \
}