Caleb L’Italien
Game Design Document
CSC-245-01
11/13/2022
	I am going to make a two player breakout game with an added pong element. I want a user to play against an imperfect artificial player, wherein destroying all the bricks or passing the moving ball past the artificial player constitutes advancing to the next round. The paddle will expand upon reaching a certain speed, and the ball will speed up when it collides with the user controlled paddle or any brick. The ball will slow down upon hitting the artificial paddle, and the ball will change color upon hitting any surface other than the borders. The only mechanics to the game will be moving the paddle left and right. I believe the game will be fun through the fast action, changing speeds, and use of changing colors. The aesthetics of the game will be in line with the general arcade feel of the game. I’ll be using the font from Squid Game (a Netflix show) as well as some kind of image background. The game begins with a get ready screen that gives the user time to prepare. The ball is then thrown out at a random position and with a random direction, after which the user is responsible for keeping the ball in the bounds of the game. The player interacts with the game by moving the paddle, ensuring the ball stays in the bounds. The paddle will expand automatically, so this is the only direct interaction the player has with any object in the game. The game will not tell a story, not unlike many famous arcade games (pong, breakout, pacman, etc). Each level will have a random amount of bricks on five different lines of bricks. Each level will then look identical, outside of the number of bricks on the window. I have decided to work on this project independently. I had already worked on a lot of the features I was going to use in the game throughout the course, and many of these features will be updated and added to my original breakout game. I really loved working with the code for the breakout game, as well as AI pathfinding, so doing this project entirely on my own made sense to me. I’ll be keeping track of the code I work on using github and my online notebook I use to keep track of my academics at large. The trickiest part of this project, that I’ve planned thus far, will be making the AI. I also want to add a networking aspect of this game, as well as a menu screen, and these features will only happen if I have time. I love working with the code for this class, and wish I had more time to put into it (Number Theory took a large portion of my time this term). Thus, I still struggle with a lot of networking problems, so if I try to implement it, it will likely be the most difficult part of this project. I will also be adding media to the game. I want to add a background image, as well as sound effects that will activate upon breakage of a brick. Images or a soundtrack could also be fun to add to the menu screen. 
	I also had another idea for a final project, that I will likely work on throughout the week up to the due date for the portfolio, but I’m not sure I will have it done in time. The game is ultimate tick tack toe, which is a fun game I could not easily describe on paper without a drawing. The game uses similar algorithmic problem solving techniques to chess, which is why creating an AI would be very interesting and fun for me. I don’t know if I’ll have time to create such a complex AI before the end of the semester, but I think I’ll work on it over break even if I don’t finish it now. If I do finish it, I will email it to you. This isn’t relevant to the final project, I just wanted to demonstrate how this class has inspired me to create other games and other projects, not for a grade, but for myself. Thank you for a great term. :)
