{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Caleb L\'92Italien
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 CSC-245 Post Mortem
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Overall, my project went well. The main issue I ran into was understanding the pygame loop and the way it interacts with memory. I don\'92t totally understand the way pygame runs through the loop so many times in a small amount of time, but I bet I will learn more about RAM and topics around it in subsequent computer science classes. If I were to do my project again, I would probably have done the ultimate tic tac toe idea I had rather than two player breakout. This isn\'92t to say I\'92m not proud of or happy with my final project, but I think the ultimate tic tac toe idea is really cool (and I will explore it over break). I didn\'92t work in a group, which I think was a smart move. I really like working with other people, but I\'92ve had a busy term, and would have struggled to find adequate time to meet with my group. I was thus responsible for the entirety of the project, which made additions of new features easy to implement since I was familiar with the entire project. If I were to continue the project, I would add a menu screen (I couldn\'92t figure out how to use Leo\'92s package). Furthermore, I\'92d like to learn javascript so I could potentially turn the game into a website, so people could play with each other. I learned there is much more to programming than I knew before the class. Functional programming and turning projects into web applications is something I want to learn more about. 
\f1\fs24 \
}